[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: All right so
your objective,
now that we have all of
this stuff signed in.
Is I want to the ability to, so once I'm
signed in, actually let's make a new one.
>> Scott Moss: Sara and
123, so once I'm signed in,
I need to be able to come in here and
make a blog post.
So I am like this is my new post.
And I start to typing in some stuff for
my post.
And I click done, it does work.
Did to do that.
>> Scott Moss: I thought I stopped that.
Hold on, one second,
am I on the fix branch?
I am on the fix branch, I'm like,
why is all that working,
that should not be working.
Okay, so this is what it should
look like when you're done, okay?
I just showed you all the answers.
I'm like wait, this stuff should not
be working, what are they gonna do now,
because I'm pretty sure, yeah.
I'm on a fixed branch.
It seems like a lot of you do that too,
so.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH].
>> Scott Moss: But that's good.
I found some errors on the fixed branch.
So if you want, just pull this
one down in like five seconds.
That's great.
I was like, whoa.
I don't know what you're gonna do now,
cause I was, [LAUGH],
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: What you're supposed to do.
This was origin step,
>> Scott Moss: fix.
Yeah pull that one down cuz
I just made some changes.
Let's do a get pull,
it'll pull down all the branches.
You don't have to specify the branch
if you're not a git person.
Great, so now,
let's look at what you will be doing,
if you haven't seen the answers already.
>> Scott Moss: Bam okay, so
this is what you will be doing now, okay?
First things first is this
posting is still already here.
That should be taken off too.
What you will be doing is if we go
into these prospective routes here.
Remember we talked about ten minutes ago
about the different routes we need to
lock down?
That's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna use the middleware that we
created in alt.js, the getFreshUser and
the decodeToken to first lock down
the route that we need locked down.
So you put decodeToken on any route,
it'll lock it down.
And then immediately after,
if you put getFreshUser,
it'll attach the user to the req.user.
>> Scott Moss: Let's see
how that works again.
So if you call decodeToken,
which is a middleware,
if you put that in front of any route or
any middleware stack,
anywhere middleware can go,
it will try to find a token.
And if it finds it, it will attach
the object that the token decodes to,
to req.user.
If it doesn't find it, it will error out.
And immediately after that, the next
middleware that comes in that series,
wherever you put decodeToken,
if you put rec.user, I'm sorry,
if you put getfresh.user, it will
then grab the user ID that the decode
token just made and look for that real
user in the database, not just the ID.
And attach that to rec.user,
so it'll override rec.user with the full
user object and then it will call next.
So if you put those two in that order,
you're guaranteed to have the token
decoded and the full user already there
before you get to your controller.
And remember, we can put any number
of middleware we want on a route.
We can put an array of middleware,
we can put comma separated middleware,
whatever we want.
If you put them in that order,
decode token followed by getFreshUser,
I can guarantee that's
how it's gonna work.
So knowing that, go into the appropriate
resource route files and
add that middleware stack I
was just talking about, one or
both, or none,
depending on what you think.
We just talked about which ones
we should lock down, and do that.
Just remember,
it can take an array of middleware.
It can also take common
separated middleware.
But we just have to make sure
we put it before the controller.
So for instance, if I had a middleware,
I would put it here.
So if I wanted to put a middleware
on get request to /API/category,
I would put the middleware here.
And then I put a comma.
If I want to put another middleware,
I put another one here and I put a comma.
If I wanted to put three in here,
I put three middleware in here.
And I put a comma.
All right, so that's how you would put
the middleware on the specific routes.
>> Scott Moss: Does anybody
not follow me there?
>> Scott Moss: So
this is where I put middleware,
I'll just make one right now so
you can see.
So if I said,
all right let's do it on post.
So I got to the post routes.
I'm gonna put rare.
So that is gonna make an inline
middleware with anonymous function, and
we'll put a comma here.
>> Scott Moss: So just by doing this,
I now have middleware.
Now I just next,
some I'm just gonna say logger.log.
Hey in middleware.
All right, then we're gonna call it next.
So this is gonna happen
before I get all the posts.
So let's check that out.
So let's go to the terminal output, cool.
And if I refresh this page,
I should see that.
And I didn't see it.
Wait, something broke, let's see.
Let me see, I broke something.
>> Scott Moss: The leaf chorus is off.
It looks like I left
chorus off of something.
Yeah, chorus isn't enabled
because you have to do it,
that's why it's not working.
Sorry, yeah, I already told you how to
do that so now you know how to do that,
but I'm just gonna do it right quick so
I can show you what I'm talking about.
If you don't have this, just empty and
install it, empty and install course,
it should be in the package with JSON so
you should be good.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, all right,
so I'll refresh that.
>> Speaker 2: Maybe override?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, we should totally
do override, but I don't need it for
what I'm trying to show you, but yes.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, okay.
Let's check it now.
Server error 500.
Aw, these typos, man, those typos.
>> Scott Moss: See the error log, though?
It's pretty cool.
It's easy to spot them [LAUGH].
All right now, okay,
there you go, hey in middleware.
All right, patched some of your
code together that worked.
Y'all are pulling my teeth, no.
But yeah, just put any middle
that you want right here.
If I wanted another before the controller
works, I put another one here.
So using those two middleware
that we talked about in auth.js.
Line them up so
that we protect the resources.
So like if I try, for
instance, one particular resource
we know we wanna protect.
You should never be able to make
a post if you're not logged in, right.
So there's no way I should
be able to do that.
So we know for
sure decode token should be there.
So that means we should be expecting
the token to be on that request before you
make a post.
>> Scott Moss: Do we actually
need to refresh the user there?
Maybe not, maybe we don't need an extra
database query just to create a post.
Depends on what you're doing at
controller method, but at the very least,
we definitely need to verify that.
So let's do that for, what is it, two now?
Let's do that for 30 minutes,
and we'll come back at 2:30.